My Name is Brennen Savi, 
![Brennen Savi
 and I am working towards attaining my BA in Psychology at Christopher Newport University. After I graduate, I will then seek a master’s in counseling at Liberty University from which I will pursue my passion of helping others through becoming a Licensed Professional Counselor. 

I’ve already done some counseling work this past summer as a camp counselor at Triple R Ranch. Granted camp counseling does not fully equate to professional counseling, however they both require an abundance of patience. At this Christian summer camp, I was able to work with hundreds of kids and also share the gospel with them. 

My faith is something I center and build my life around. I am very involved with two churches in my area, and I’ve been a 1st grade leader at one for the last three and a half years. In my free time I enjoy reading apologetics books and watching theological debates to better understand and defend my faith. 

Prior to working at Triple R, I was employed by Chick-Fil-A for five years. While there, I worked my way up to becoming the nighttime kitchen manager. As a manager, I learned how to develop and inspire a team and also how to lead tense conversations. Not to mention the growth which came from working under intense pressure.

I also worked as a landscaper with my brother before working at Chick-Fil-A. Between mowing lawns and pressure washing driveways my brother and I would do just about anything under the sun. Through this job we learned both the value of a dollar and the importance on sunscreen.

I enjoy cooking in my free time and experiencing new things. I currently live alone in a one-bedroom apartment so whenever I cook, I typically invite a friend so I’m not stuck with all the leftovers.

Archery is another interest of mine I enjoy doing on the weekends. I have yet to actually become very skilled at it, but I have come a long way from not even being able to hit the target.
